Fix readme (#85)
esciencecenter-digital-skills/next-workshop-template: README.md

[![Build Jekyll site](https://github.com/esciencecenter-digital-skills/next-workshop-template/actions/workflows/jekyll.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/esciencecenter-digital-skills/next-workshop-template/actions/workflows/jekyll.yml)

# The Workshop Template

This repository is a template for creating a workshop page for [eScience Center
Digital Skills][ds-site], and the Carpentries [Software Carpentry][swc-site],
[Data Carpentry][dc-site], [Library Carpentry][lc-site].
We are committed to offering a pleasant setup experience for our learners and
organizers. If you run into problems, or would like to suggest improvements,
please [submit an issue][issues] or [mail us][email].

## Use this template

1. **Please _do not fork this repository directly on GitHub._** Instead,
   use GitHub's function to copy this template repository and customize it for
   your workshop. On this page
   (<https://github.com/esciencecenter-digital-skills/next-workshop-template>),
   click on the green `Use this template` button (top right).

> 2.  Select the owner for your new repository. This will probably be you, but may

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Select the owner for your new repository. This should be
```
```suggestion
2.  Select the owner for your new repository. This will probably be you, but may
```

>     instead be an organization you belong to e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
```suggestion
    instead be an organization you belong to e.g.
```

>     `esciencecenter-digital-skills`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `esciencecenter-digital-skills` GitHub organisation.
```
```suggestion
    `esciencecenter-digital-skills`.
```
